53622: improve bug submission text (#623)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/system.rst

  issue that describes the problem, and if applicable, what steps can
  be taken to reproduce it.

Click :guilabel:`SUBMIT` to automatically generate and upload the report
to https://redmine.ixsystems.com/projects/freenas/issues. This process

> can take several minutes, depending on the debug file size. A pop-up

Reviewer: Avoid the halting sentence and giving the user information that doesn't help them:
```suggestion
can take several minutes while information is collected and sent.
```

> window displays a URL to the new ticket. Use the URL to view or add more

Reviewer: New paragraph:
```suggestion

  After the new ticket is created, the URL is shown for viewing or updating with more
```

> information to the report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
information.
```

  issue that describes the problem, and if applicable, what steps can
  be taken to reproduce it.

Click :guilabel:`SUBMIT` to automatically generate and upload the report
to the
`bug tracker <https://redmine.ixsystems.com/projects/freenas/issues>`__.
This process can take several minutes while information is collected and
sent.

> After the new ticket is created, the URL is shown for updating with more

Reviewer: The other branch version was "viewing or updating".

Author: It was, but you suggested changing it to the way it appears now.

Author: https://github.com/freenas/freenas-docs/pull/625#discussion_r250245464

Reviewer: Sorry, my mistake.  I have fixed it.

> * **Attachments** is an optional field where configuration files or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#ifdef truenas
* **Attachments** is an optional field where configuration files or
```

>   screenshots of any errors or tracebacks can be included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  screenshots of any errors or tracebacks can be included.
 #endif truenas
```

> Click :guilabel:`Submit` to generate and send the support ticket to

Reviewer: By making the attachments paragraph TN-only, we can move the text from above down here and replace this.  This paragraph is not specific to either FN or TN, so we can factor it out like this.

Please come talk to me about this before doing it to make sure I'm not missing something.

* **Attachments** is an optional field where configuration files or
  screenshots of any errors or tracebacks can be included.

Click :guilabel:`Submit` to generate and send the support ticket to
iXsystems. This process can take several minutes while information is
collected and sent.

> After the new ticket is created, the URL is shown for updating with more

Reviewer: So was this one.
